That tasted amazing!
I can't believe
they paired so well.
Yeah, but we're
not gonna be able
to taste this again unless
we come back someday.
We cleaned out
the whole jar out.
Too bad, but tasty as
that anchovy soup was,
there's one dish
that's even better.
Yeah? Well, what is it?
Wild greens picked
by Queen Iris herself.
Huh?
He's right.
They're rather delicious.
Wild greens picked by the queen?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I've had wild greens before.
That said, considering
how your land
is constantly
bathed in light,
I imagine the greens that
grow here taste much better.
Let's get some.
[GROUP]
Huh?
Let's all go out and
pick greens together.
[IRIS humming, giggling]
[SHEAMA]
What's your hurry?
It's not like these plants
are going anywhere.
[IRIS] Trust me. The earlier
we get there, the better.
Are you as excited as you look?
Yes. Of cou‐‐
[PHIOUS]
Queen Iris!
Don't worry. I just tripped
a little bit, that's all.
Well, please be careful.
You shouldn't push yourself
until you're fully recovered.
[GROUP grunts]
Right. [laughs]
Hurry up! We're burning
daylight, guys!
[ALL laugh]
Uh. Hey, Commander.
If ya brought that thing
to cut down greens with,
it seems like overkill.
[PHIOUS]
Who knows what's lurking
in the dark of the woods.
Uh? Always the vigilant soldier.
They'll never catch
you off‐guard.
[IRIS]
This way, everyone!
So tall.
‐‐Yeah, it's really something.
‐‐Whoa...
Is this where you always
go to pick greens?
Yes. Edible plants grow all
over this patch of forest.
I see.
Okay, shall we get started?
Sure, but why don't we
spice this up a little?
What do you mean?
[ADEL] Picking plants
won't be that fun by itself,
so let's split into pairs and
see who can pick the most.
Cool idea!
[BOTH gasp]
[PHIOUS] This herb is called
iris. It means "bringer of joy."
[GROZA] Aren't these cute,
Your Highness? [laughs]
You're on!
Let's do it!
Are you in?
Sure, if everyone else is.
Okay. How should we split up?
[ADEL]
Hm. Good question.
[PHIOUS grunts]
Oh. I know.
To promote closer ties and all,
each pair should have
someone from each kingdom.
[gasps] Yes, I agree.
Closer ties.
That does seem like
the best option.
Excellent thinking.
[ADEL]
You seem disappointed.
[PHIOUS clears throat]
That's fine in theory,
but as the Queen's security,
I should really‐‐
[IRIS]
Wait. Before we get to that.
There are things
you should know.
Foraging for food
can be dangerous.
Some greens are
poisonous if eaten raw.
And some have to be
picked in a certain way.
What's a good example?
[IRIS]
These angelica shoots'll do.
These guys? Huh.
You're saying that we can eat
these thorny little trees?
[IRIS]
That's right.
These trees grow edible
shoots up on their tips.
Grab them with a stick
like so, and snap them off.
[THEO] Cool! You've brought us
those before, haven't you?
Yes. That said...
The shoots get rather bitter
once they reach a certain size,
so try not to pick any
bigger than this.
That make sense?
They've always been bitter.
[IRIS] Also, if you pick all
the shoots off a trunk,
the tree will die.
So it's important we leave
a little green on each one.
Oh! Those are Fuki Buds!
[GROUP]
Huh?
[IRIS]
Down there, look.
To pull these up, you just
twist them from their roots.
Just like this.
Whoa...
Around here, there are
flowering ferns,
bracken, fiddleheads, chives...
There's really more
than I can list.
Here's an idea.
If you run across a plant
you aren't sure about,
call for me and I'll help.
[SHEAMA] I don't think you
should compete, then.
You can just help everyone.
Agreed.
What?!
[GROZA laughs]
[ADEL]
Okay, we've got our pairs.
We've got this!
[GROZA gasping]
[gasps] Well, let's do our best!
Yes. Good luck.
[IRIS laughs]
'Kay, Sheama. Let's go.
That's still Lady Sheama
to you, all right?
But we're pairing up like this
to foster closer relations.
Right?
Between our countries,
Envoy Adel. Be pro‐fesh‐io‐nal.
Fine. We can keep it formal.
[IRIS grunts] Now that we have
our teams, let's start!
[SHEAMA grunts]
Look.
[ADEL]
Good find. What're these, again?
[SHEAMA] I believe I heard Queen
Iris call them Fuki Buds, but...
...these ones have bloomed
a lot more than
the ones she picked,
so I'm not sure
if they'll be good to eat.
I doubt it makes
much of a difference.
Let's pick these things
and move along.
[SHEAMA]
No, don't!
What's with you?
The Queen said to check
with her if we weren't sure.
Uh. Well, aren't you earnest?
I feel like this boils
down to a difference
between our cultures.
[SHEAMA] I wouldn't look
that far into it.
You and I just have
different personalities.
[ADEL laughs]
That's for sure.
Forgive me for being short
with you. Here. Take it.
'Kay. Don't you wanna
talk to the Queen first?
They aren't that different
from the ones she picked.
It shouldn't be an issue.
Hey, look here!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Hm?
[THEO] These plants
look like birds' feet!
I wonder if they're
tasty or not.
I couldn't say.
We'll have to ask.
Oh! Your Majesty!
[gasps, giggles]
What have you found?
I'm not quite sure. Take a look!
Oh. This plant is called
bird's foot astilbe.
Awesome, I totally guessed it!
Are these edible?
Yes. Bird's foot tastes
quite good if you boil it.
Let's start picking, then.
[IRIS] Technically,
the whole plant is edible.
Dry its roots in the shade
and you can use them
as a natural remedy.
For the most part, they're
a way of treating colds.
You know a whole lot
about herbs, don't you?
Uh. Well... I know a little.
These aren't too
difficult to harvest.
Just snap them from
the base of the stem
and you'll be good to go.
Cool! There's more!
Would it be all right
if I accompanied you two?
Sure.
Okay, great! Thank you.
[BOTH gasp]
Sorry, I didn't mean to.
[IRIS]
It's all right.
[PHIOUS growling]
Hold on, why is your hand
on the hilt of your sword?
It's for the queen's sake.
I have to be ready if someone
from Black attacks her.
Do you mean one of us?
I thought we were past that.
Yes. We are past that.
I don't doubt the
intentions of you envoys.
Good. At least we've
come that far, I guess.
[PHIOUS sighs]
Um. Can I help you?
[PHIOUS] Surprisingly enough,
you seem to trust each other
just as I trust my
comrades here in White.
I don't trust everyone down
in Black. But I trust him.
I think he has the potential
to be our next king.
If it's your opinion
that a prince should be
selfish and cruel,
then we can leave the rest
of this debate to our swords.
I've glimpsed an ideal.
[ADEL gasping]
And so, I have a duty
to fight for it now.
[ADEL]
What?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I plan to use the throne
to fix this world. I swear,
my people will be happy.
His words rang true to me.
They inspired me.
Ah. I took him for
a rakish scoundrel.
[GROZA]
Hm?
Adel...
Whoa. Slow down. I wasn't
talking about Adel.
Wait, what?
Did everyone manage to
find a lot of greens?
Sure did!
[GROUP laughs]
[IRIS]
Well done.
You found some
bracken, fiddleheads,
bird's foot astilbe,
and some plantain lilies!
And you picked them
all so nicely, too.
[laughs]
As for you... Wow! That's
quite a few Fuki Buds.
It looks like some of them
have already started
to bloom a little bit...
But not enough that they won't
still be perfectly tasty.
[sighs]
Well, that works out.
Right?
Now, what's in here?
Ah. This is koshiabura. But...
I don't see anything else
in here that looks edible.
You should've asked me
to help you.
I could've told you
what to look out for.
Right. Sorry.
That's that.
It seems pretty obvious
that we've got you beat.
I'm not so sure.
Let's count them.
Fine, but it's plain to see
that our baskets are fuller.
Yay! We did it!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
So close.
They definitely beat us
in terms of numbers.
It's too bad we aren't
judging this by weight.
Still, we put up a good
fight, don't you think?
Yeah. We have that at least.
Now then. Using the greens
all of you picked,
as well as some that I found,
we'll cook ourselves a meal.
All right!
What are you so pleased about?
Queen Iris is going to cook for
us! So why wouldn't I be happy?
[THEO] Know what? It's eating
together that makes it so good.
[gasps]
Anyway, we should get
our cooking space ready.
Question, Adel. Could you
and the guys find some wood?
Uh. Sure. Let's get to it.
[THEO, PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunt]
We should fetch
some fresh water.
Sure.
I know where you can find some.
There's a spring nearby.
I'll take you to it.
It's so warm. Even a
broken stick like this
still feels like
it's full of life.
Well, yeah. It was
lying in the sun.
I guess that kind of
warmth is rare in Black.
Yeah. The occasional ray
breaks through the clouds,
but it's rare.
I never knew that light
could feel so pleasant.
[laughs] Well, we have plenty,
so feel free to bask in it.
We let them soak in water
to rinse away the bitterness.
[GROZA]
Ah...
That's just our way. Things
might be different in Black.
[GROZA] Wow, it looks like
you're making tea.
Back in our kingdom, we would
have to soak them overnight.
The bitterness doesn't
wash out so easily.
Interesting. This must be
a benefit of pure soul.
You have it good up here.
You two can go ahead
and walk back.
I need to soak these a bit more.
Sounds good.
We'll get things ready.
Hey, do you think this
is enough firewood?
No, you aren't even
close right now.
We each need at least this much,
or else the fire will die.
[ADEL sighs]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunting]
Where's Theo?
He can't be far.
What? He's right... here.
Actually, I haven't
seen him in a bit.
Damn it. Where the hell
could he have run off to?
I'll go this way!
You check there.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
Hey! Theo! It's me.
Where are you?!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Queen Iris!
[IRIS]
Mm?
It's Theo‐‐ [grunting]
[IRIS gasps]
[gasps]
[IRIS gasping]
We can't find Theo!
[IRIS gasps] I just saw him.
I believe he went back to camp.
[IRIS] He was holding
a bunch of firewood.
Groza and Sheama
were both with him.
Thank goodness.
I was scared.
Uh! Please forgive me.
[IRIS gasping]
[IRIS]
Thank you.
[IRIS] For showing so much
concern for Theo. I'm grateful.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
It was nothing.
We should dry our
clothes and head back.
Hey, Phious! [laughs]
Ah. You ran back to camp.
Yup! You said that if I ever
got separated from you,
that I should just go back
to wherever we started.
I guess I did.
For real? Here, I was
startin' to panic.
[IRIS] Sorry to keep you
waiting for so long.
It's fine, welcome back.
What were you two
doin' out there?
It's kind of a long story.
[gasping]
Well, after all that work,
this had better taste good.
I quite agree. I'd be
happy to assist you
in preparing our meal.
Huh? Yeah.
You can "assist" me.
Looks like they're
getting along.
Well, who would've guessed.
[PHIOUS] So? What do you
think of our wild greens?
They're at least as good as
that soup we had, right?
Definitely.
This stuff is awesome!
There's plenty to go around.
So take your time and savor it.
[grunts] And what do you think?
The flavor isn't
too bitter, is it?
No. I think it tastes great.
Compared to what
grows in Black,
these greens don't
taste bitter at all.
And also, they smell amazing.
Really? Good to know.
[GROZA growls]
Have you tried this?
[gasps]
[THEO laughs]
[GROZA]
Delicious!
That said... I do wish I could
salt it just a little bit.
You sure about that? To me
it tastes perfect as it is.
Still, I suppose we
may as well try it out...
You do have salt!
[SHEAMA]
It's quite rare here, but yes.
[GROUP gasps]
It got better!
It actually did.
Ahh. I just knew that
would do the trick.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
Think that settles it.
Our next order of business
should be to draft out
a trade agreement.
Yeah? Is that meant as a joke,
or should I take it back
home as an official offer?
[gasps] We can't.
We aren't the ones who
decide these things.
[gasps]
In my opinion, we should
do more than trade.
It's my sincere hope
that in time
we'll get to enjoy each
other's company again.
Just like this.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS chuckles]
[IRIS laughs]